# FinalProject
Hi, my name is Preston Cain and for my final project I decided to make a PlayStation 5 instock tracker. I have been trying to buy a PS5 since they have came out and I have not had any luck. I felt this was the perfect project for me because I can find use for it after this class is over still. So, In my program, I started off by creating a tracking dictionary involving the store, name of product, url of product, and a trigger to see if they the product is instock. Each item in the dictionary pull information from the store. It then prints to the command line. after this it calls the corresponding function to each store by pulling the url and trigger. I had to set the header before making the http request, so that the captcha was not triggered. I had problems with the next part, but I bypassed the ssl check to pass these problems.
After this it is pretty simple, I use the url lib to call url to make the request calling the read which is the contents from the open. I then used BeautifulSoup an Html parcer to check the trigger information on the page. After this if it returns none then it means it is in stock because it is checking for out of stock. then it will return it true or false, in which if it is returned true we send a SMS notification. This part of my project was very hard to figure out, I did alot of research on this part and I leveraged code from github. Then it will print out to the command line that it is in stock. I setup a SMTP (simple mail transfer protocal) and leveraged my Dad's email because he has google apps. I used his email along with an app password Then the program sends an email to an SMS message based on if the product is in stock or not. This process is repeated until all of the stores are done. I added a video game to this program so I can show that the program runs proporly and sends a text message. I did this because the Playstation 5 is hardly ever in stock and this makes it easier to show a working program.
